ServiceControl 5.2 upgrade guide (#6599)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/upgrades/5_1to5_2/index.md

---
title: Upgrade ServiceControl from Version 5.1.x to Version 5.2.x
summary: Instructions on how to upgrade ServiceControl from version 5.1.x to 5.2.x
reviewed: 2024-05-06
isUpgradeGuide: true
component: ServiceControl
---

## ServicePulse compatibility

> ServiceControl version 5.2 requires a ServicePulse version greater or equal to <VERSION HERE>.

Author: Update this to match the ServicePulse version

> ServiceControl version 5.2 requires a ServicePulse version greater or equal to <VERSION HERE>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ServiceControl version 5.2 requires a ServicePulse version greater or equal to 1.38.3.
```
